fix: remove dir selector from position properties in rtl mixin (#1229)
transferwise/neptune-web: packages/docs/pages/styles/addons/RtlLayout.mdx

### New syntax:

<h4 className="m-t-1">Spacing:</h4>

```
margin-left: var(--foo); → .margin(left, var(--foo));
```
The output of above code is: 
```
Default or LTR → margin-left: var(--foo);
RTL → margin-right: var(--foo); margin-left: 0;
```

> The original margin resets to initial value. If that value is not 0 or initial, there is a second optional value (value2 in the next example) for the mixin `.margin(direction, value1, value2)` which you can use if you need to specify another oposite direction value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original margin resets to the initial value. If that value is not 0 or initial, there is a second optional value (`value2` in the next example) for the mixin `.margin(direction, value1, value2)` which you can use if you need to specify a different value for the opposite direction.
```

> By instance, let's imagin that you have a `margin-left: 8px` in your code that you want to transform to RTL friendy property. The mixin for it would be `.margin(left, 8px)` and in RTL cases would be transformed to `margin-right: 8px; margin-left: 0;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, let's imagine that you have a `margin-left: 8px` in your code that you want to transform into a RTL friendly property. The mixin for it would be `.margin(left, 8px)`, and in RTL cases it would be transformed into `margin-right: 8px; margin-left: 0;`.
```

> You might want to change the `0` to another value depending the case, you have this optional `value2` variable do that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might want to change the `0` to a different value. If you do, you can provide the optional second value (the third parameter below):
```
